https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwuwrRK-I2Y


Every time you  smoke a cigarette, toxic gases pass into your lungs,  then into your bloodstream, where they spread to  every organ in your body.

A cigarette is made  using the tobacco leaf, which contains nicotine  and a variety of other compounds.

As the tobacco and  compounds burn, they release thousands of  dangerous chemicals, including over forty known  to cause cancer.

Cigarette smoke contains the poisonous gases  carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide, as well as trace amounts of  cancer-causing radioactive particles.

All forms of tobacco are dangerous, including cigars, pipes, and smokeless tobacco, such as chewing tobacco and snuff.

Nicotine is an addictive chemical in tobacco. After you inhale tobacco smoke, nicotine flows through the bloodstream to your brain, where it induces a pleasurable feeling.

When you repeatedly expose your brain to nicotine, it becomes desensitized,making you crave  more and more nicotine just to feel normal.

Smoking causes death. People who smoke typically die  at an earlier age than non-smokers.

In fact, 1 of every 5 deaths in the United States  is linked to cigarette smoking.

If you smoke, your risk for major health problems increases dramatically, including: heart disease, heart attack, stroke, lung cancer, and death from  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Smoking causes cardiovascular disease. When nicotine flows through your adrenal glands, it stimulates the release of epinephrine, a hormone that raises your blood pressure.

In addition, nicotine and carbon monoxide can damage the lining of the inner walls in your arteries.

Fatty deposits, called plaque, can build up at these injury sites and become large enough to narrow the arteries and severely reduce blood flow, resulting in a condition  called atherosclerosis.

In coronary artery disease, atherosclerosis narrows the arteries that supply the heart, which reduces the supply of oxygen to your heart muscle, increasing your risk for a heart attack.

Smoking also raises your risk for blood clots because it causes platelets in your blood to clump together.

Smoking increases your risk for  peripheral vascular disease, in which atherosclerotic plaques block the large arteries in your arms and legs.

Smoking can also cause an  abdominal aortic aneurysm, which is a swelling or weakening of your aorta where it runs through your abdomen.

Smoking damages two main parts of your lungs: your airways, also called bronchial tubes, and small air sacs called alveoli.

With each breath, air travels down  your windpipe, called the trachea, and enters your lungs through your bronchial tubes.

Air then moves into  thousands of tiny alveoli, where oxygen from the air  moves into your bloodstream and the waste product carbon dioxide  moves out of your bloodstream.

Tiny hair-like projections, called cilia, line your bronchial tubes and sweep harmful substances out of your lungs.

Cigarette smoke irritates the lining of your bronchial tubes, causing them to swell and make mucus.

Cigarette smoke also slows  the movement of your cilia, causing some of the smoke  and mucus to stay in your lungs.

While you are sleeping,  some of the cilia recover and start pushing more pollutants and mucus out of your lungs.

When you wake up, your body attempts to expel this material by coughing repeatedly, a condition known as  smoker's cough.

Over time, chronic bronchitis develops  as your cilia stop working, your airways become clogged with scars and mucus,  and breathing becomes difficult.

Your lungs are now more vulnerable to further disease.

Cigarette smoke also  damages your alveoli, making it harder for oxygen and  carbon dioxide to exchange with your blood.

Over time, so little oxygen can reach your blood that you may develop emphysema, a condition in which you must gasp for every breath and wear an oxygen tube under your nose  in order to breathe.

Chronic bronchitis and emphysema  are collectively called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD.

COPD is a gradual loss of the ability to breathe for which there is no cure.

Cigarette smoke contains at least 40 cancer-causing substances, called carcinogens, including cyanide, formaldehyde,  benzene, and ammonia.

In your body, healthy cells grow,  make new cells, then die.

Genetic material inside each cell,  called DNA, directs this process.

If you smoke, toxic chemicals  can damage the DNA in your healthy cells.

As a result, your damaged cells  create new unhealthy cells, which grow out of control  and may spread to other parts of your body.

The most common cancer  in the world is lung cancer, with over a million new cases  diagnosed every year.

Harmful chemicals in cigarettes can cause cancer in other parts of your body, such as: in the blood and bone marrow,  mouth, larynx, throat, esophagus, stomach,  pancreas, kidney, bladder, uterus, and cervix.

Smoking can cause infertility  in both men and women.

If a woman is pregnant and  smokes during pregnancy, she exposes her baby to the cigarette's poisonous chemicals, causing a greater risk of: low birth weight, miscarriage,  preterm delivery, stillbirth, infant death, and  sudden infant death syndrome.

Smoking is also dangerous  if a mother is breastfeeding.

Nicotine passes to the baby  through breast milk, and can cause restlessness, rapid heartbeat, vomiting, interrupted sleep, or diarrhea.

Other health effects of smoking  include low bone density and increased risk for hip  fracture among women; gum disease, often leading  to tooth loss and surgery; immune system dysfunction  and delayed wound healing; and sexual impotence in men.

