The Sun’s core is shrinking. 

But as its core shrinks,  the Sun itself grows larger. 

And it will continue to grow, until one day, it engulfs the Earth. 

Every one billion years,  the Sun becomes 10% hotter.

But here on What IF,  we're going to take billions of years and condense the action into one month.

Get ready, because we're going to be moving  really fast this time.

Instead of one billion years,  it would only take four days for the Sun to become 10% hotter. 

This means you'll see the Earth engulfed by the Sun in just one month. 

That is,  if you're still around to witness the final event. 

On day one,  you’d be blissfully unaware  of the tragedy about to befall Earth.  

Maybe it’s a little hotter, but that’s just weather. 

It happens.

But by day four,  space agencies across the globe would be sounding the alarm bells. 

地球の宇宙機関はベルの音が聞こえる
鳴らす

By this time, the Sun would be about  10% brighter and hotter. 

And while 10% doesn’t sound like a lot,  it will be the beginning of the end for us.

10%って多いように聞こえない

As the Sun heat up, more and more water from Earth’s surface  will evaporate into the atmosphere. 

太陽の温度が上がるにつれて地球表面の多くの水が待機中に蒸発する

This will increase the  greenhouse gas effect,  causing global temperatures to skyrocket.
温室効果を上げ
All of a sudden,  it will become very humid,  and very hot. 

But the Sun’s high-energy light would bombard the atmosphere, splitting those water molecules  into hydrogen and oxygen. 

太陽光は大気を〇〇それらの水分子を酸素と水素に分ける

Earth will begin to lose its water. 

And you won't be able to escape  the lethal radiation on Earth’s surface. 

If you want to survive,  you’ll have to go deep underground.

But even under a protective layer of Earth's soil, you won't be safe for long. 

By day 16,  the Sun would be almost 40% brighter. 

Our planet’s oceans will boil,  and there won't be any moisture left in the atmosphere. 

The beautiful, lush Earth that you grew up on  will become a hot, dry, barren rock. 

Around day 20, the Sun would run out of hydrogen.

So instead,   it will start to burn helium in its core. 

The Sun is now a red giant star,  and would expand rapidly  while losing its mass. 

太陽は今では赤く巨大な干しになり、急速に膨張し質量を減らしながら

The Sun's gravitational pull on Earth   would be weakened, and our planet would begin to drift away from the expanding Sun. 
太陽を引っ張る引力が弱まり、太陽から遠ざかっていr区
But not far enough. 

According to researchers Klaus-Peter Schroder  and Robert C. Smith, the Earth would only have moved about  0.0002 astronomical units. 

An astronomical unit  is the distance between Earth and Sun.

While Earth is moving away from the encroaching Sun,  the red giant would grow up to  1.2 AU in radius.

The Sun would be larger than Earth’s orbit.

It would swallow the planet whole. 

Once it's inside the Sun’s atmosphere, Earth would collide with particles of gas and spiral inward. 

And Earth wouldn’t be the only casualty of the expanding Sun. 

Mercury and Venus would be vaporized.

The rings of Saturn would melt.

Pluto would become much warmer. 

And if there is a liquid surface,  and a thick atmosphere on this distant dwarf planet,  it even might become inhabitable. 

Unfortunately,  30 days doesn’t give the human race  enough time to prepare for such  a catastrophic event.

But if we had more time,  like billions of year's worth,  we could come up with an evacuation plan. 

But that’s a story for another What IF. 

