"Oh, did you see that?" "Oh my god." Is it a meteor shower?

Space debris?

No, it's something much, much worse.

Our nearest neighbor is a full Moon no more.

The Moon exploded and splintered into millions of fragments.
 
Enormous lunar rocks are hurtling toward Earth.

This is WHAT IF, and here's what would happen if the Moon exploded.

Okay, so how on Earth did the Moon blow up?
月はどうやってできたのか
A blast mining operation gone wrong?
〇〇がうまいかなかった？
A nuclear blast?

A collision with a rogue planet?

Whatever caused this catastrophe, you'd have to be packing some serious firepower to blow up the Moon.

何がこの大惨事の原因であれ、深刻なパワーを付きを爆発させるために包んでいる必要がある

深刻中力を詰め込んでいる必要がある

"Guns, lots of guns." The largest nuclear bomb ever built, the Tsar Bomba, had the energy of over 57 million tons of TNT.

今まで作った中で最大の核爆弾は57億トン以上のTNTエネルギーがある

Think that's strong enough?

It's just a drop in the ocean compared to the amount of force you'd need to blow up the Moon.

ただ海を消し飛ばすだけ
付きを爆殺させるのに必要な力に比べたら

You'd need the power of over 600 billion Tsar Bombas to destroy the Moon.

With anything less than that, the Moon would just crack into pieces and its gravity would pull it back together again. 
それ以下のもので、月は破片に砕け重量はそれを一緒に引っ張り戻す
But if someone, or something managed to explode the Moon, it would spell bad news for us.

The Moon debris would scatter across the Solar System.

Some into the abyss of outer space, and some headed straight for Earth.

Earth's gravitational pull would immediately start to attract the Moon rocks.

As the Moon's remains start to pick up speed, they would come crashing down into the atmosphere.

月の残りがスピードを上げるに連れ、それらは大気に触れる

Luckily, most of the smaller debris would burn up before it reaches us.

Any larger pieces that got through would be traveling much slower than a similar-sized asteroid.

The damage they'd cause wouldn't amount to much.

But, is it just me, or is it getting a little hot in here?

The Moon chunks aren't causing much damage. 

But the endless barrage of debris on our atmosphere would start to heat up the Earth.

The whole world would start to get hotter, and hotter, eventually getting to the point of incinerating all life.

Talk about a bad way to go.

Oh, and if you're thinking about trying to evacuate Earth, you better do it as soon as possible.

The Moon debris, combined with all the satellites it would destroy in space, would make any trip out nearly impossible.

月のゴミすべての衛星と組み合わさったそれは宇宙で破壊する

But what if you did manage to "get out of Dodge," or hunker down in the  deepest parts of the Earth?

しかしもしDodgeになったら

What would life be like in the aftermath?

後の生活はどうなうのか

Well, for some of us, it wouldn't get any cooler.

The Moon helps stabilize the Earth's axial tilt.

It's what gives us seasons.

With a new tilt, some parts of the Earth could be constantly exposed to the Sun.

In the worst case, the polar regions could start rapidly melting, raising sea levels, and drowning out parts of the world.

As the debris settles, the skies could look a little different.

The remaining Moon rock  might cluster around the Earth forming a giant ring, like Saturn.

But don't stop and stare too long, every once in a while, some of the debris could rain down onto the Earth.

Over billions of years, the Moon's gravitational pull slowed down the Earth's rotation, giving us our 24 hour days.

Without the Moon, the Earth would start to rotate faster and faster.

We'd have shorter days, and stronger winds.

Birds and insects would have a tough time surviving the harsh winds.

Not only that, ocean tides would start to die down into tiny little waves.

The Moon's gravity helps create tides on Earth.

Bummed out that you can't rip some gnarly waves anymore?

Well dude, there will be a much bigger problem.

It would wipe out all of the sea creatures that rely on the tides and ocean currents for survival.

一掃するだろう海の生物を朝汐にたより

Our whole world would be literally flipped upside down.

The Earth would burn up, our days would be shorter, and the Moon wouldn't be there to light up the night sky.

Now that we know how devastating it would be if the Moon exploded, what if instead of having no Moon, we had two?

じゃあわかった
それがそんなに壊滅的か
もしつきが爆発したら
もし2つだったら

Well, that's a story for another WHAT IF.

